[Music]
when I found you I saw raw untamed power
and beyond that something truly special
[Music]
something beside me has always been the
nose awake I need help
[Music]
I've seen this raw strength only once
before it scared me enough that
it doesn't know
[Music]
but the pastime
kill it
if you have to
that's the only way to become when you
met today
[Music]
[Applause]
we are the fire
[Music]
this is not going to go
the way you think
or Phil
destiny
I need someone to show me my place in
all this
[Music]
I'm at the Fandango headquarters and oh
my gosh I am geeking out right now
because I am decked head-to-toe in some
awesome Star Wars merch that you guys
can get your hands on to but it's only
at the fandango fan shop so click here
to go get your merge so great do I look
in this shirt